

Package tracking Early Adopters Program

Package tracking is a feature that displays package tracking related information on Google. When people come to Search looking to track a package shipped with your company, they'll be able to enter a package ID directly. The feature uses your API to retrieve the package tracking information and then displays it to the user. Here's how package tracking information may appear on Google Search when a user seeks to track a package.
package tracking in search results
Note: The actual appearance in search results might be different.
Feature availability

Package tracking is available in all languages and countries where Google Search is available.
Requirements

To be considered for participation in the package tracking early adopters program, you must meet the following requirements:

    Your package delivery company must either be based out of India, Japan, or Brazil, or must be the sole authorized provider of packing tracking information for a package delivery company that services those areas.
    Google Package Tracking makes real-time calls (POST requests only) to a RESTful JSON API to retrieve package tracking information. If you have an existing API that can return this information, we can work with you to re-use it. Your API must meet the availability and responsiveness requirement and provide the required content.

Availability and responsiveness

We expect almost no downtime from your API and require that your API respond within 700ms on average with the 95th percentile not exceeding 1,000ms. If your API doesn't meet these requirements, we may stop displaying your package tracking information.
Content

For the integration to work, your API must return the following information:
Required field
CurrentStatus 	The current status of the package. This includes the date and time this status became valid and any error states.

We strongly recommend that your API also return the following information:
Recommended fields
DeliveredDate 	The day and time the package was delivered (if it has been delivered).
PromisedDate 	The date the package is expected to be delivered.
TrackingNumber 	The tracking number for the package.
TrackingURL 	The website URL that a user can visit to view package tracking information and possible additional details.
SupportPhoneNumbers 	A list of support phone numbers available per region.
TransitEvents 	The set of events that denote when a package makes interim progress on its journey to the recipient, including the Day, Time, City, State, and Country (where applicable).
CreateDate 	The day and time the tracking number was created.
PickupDate 	The date the package was picked up by the carrier.
TimestampEvent 	The timestamp of an event associated with a given package.
LocationEvent 	The location of an event associated with a given package.
CanReschedule 	Whether this package can be re-scheduled.

We don't accept the following information:

    Any personal data about the recipient or sender of the package.
    Any geographical information about the recipient or sender of the package.

Express interest

Interested in participating in the Package tracking Early Adopters Program? Fill out the form. 

