

Influence your byline dates in Google Search

A byline date is the date that Google estimates that the web page was updated or published. When Google can determine the byline date of your page or video, it can expose this information in Search results, if this information is considered to be useful to the user. You can provide information to help Google determine the byline date.
Article search result showing a date

Google doesn't depend on a single date factor because all factors can be prone to issues. That's why our systems look at several factors to determine our best estimate of when a page was published or significantly updated.
How to provide date information to Google

To provide date information to Google, follow these steps:

    Follow the best practices for influencing byline dates.
    Add a user-visible date to the page and feature it prominently. Label your dates appropriately with text like "Publish" or "Last updated". Here are some examples of how you can highlight date information about a web page:
        Posted Feb 4, 2019
        Published February 4, 2019
        Last updated: Feb 14, 2018
        Updated Feb 14, 2019 8pm ET
    You can provide a publication date and/or a last updated date.



    Specify dates with structured data. We recommend that you add a subtype of CreativeWork (such as Article, BlogPosting, or VideoObject), and specify the datePublished and/or dateModified fields. Be sure to follow Google's structured data guidelines to help our crawlers understand your article dates.



Best practices for influencing byline dates
While Google doesn't guarantee that a byline date, whether visible or in structured data, will be shown in search results, following these guidelines does help our algorithms find and process the information.

    The date is required; the time is not: The time portion is optional in both user-visible and structured data dates.
    If you choose to specify a time, provide the correct timezone, taking into account daylight saving time as appropriate.
    Make your dates and times consistent. Ensure that the date (and optional time and timezone) match between the equivalent user-visible and structured values. Time and timezone are optional in user-visible data even if provided in structured data.
    Don't specify future dates, or the date of the action described on the page. The dates must describe the publication or update date of the page, not the stories or events described therein. You can add Event markup to the page to describe the activities listed on the page, if you like.
    Minimize the presence of other dates on the page: If you've followed the best practices and find incorrect dates are being selected, consider removing some or all other dates that appear on the page.
    If your page is intended to show up in Google News search, follow these additional guidelines.


