
How Bing delivers search results

As an online search engine, the primary objective of Bing is to connect users with the most relevant search results from the web—providing easy access to quality content produced by web publishers. To do this, Bing automatically crawls the web to build an index of new and updated pages (or URLs) to display as a set of search results relevant to a user-initiated search or action. The content of these pages may reference or contain various online resources and content including websites, images, videos, documents, and other items. Search results are generated by using computer algorithms to match the search terms you enter with results in our index. In general, we try to provide as comprehensive and as useful a collection of displayed search results as we can. We design—and continually improve—our algorithms to provide the most relevant and useful results.

As an algorithmically-driven service, Bing doesn't control the operation or design of the indexed websites, and has no control over what indexed websites publish. As long as a website continues to make information available on the web and to crawlers, it will be generally available through Bing or other search engines.

Tip: If information has already been removed from the website but is still showing up in Bing search results, you can use the Content Removal Tool to submit a page removal or outdated cache removal request. To learn more about the Content Removal Tool, go to Bing Webmaster Help & How-To.

Microsoft respects freedom of expression. At the same time, in accordance with Microsoft policies and principles around Responsible AI, privacy, digital safety, information integrity, and other critical issues, Bing has developed a safety system including content filtering, operational monitoring, and abuse detection to provide a safe search experience for our users. If Microsoft receives requests to remove content from individuals, businesses, and governments, in limited cases, where quality, safety, user demand, relevant laws, and/or public policy concerns exist, Bing might remove results, inform users of certain risks, or provide users with options for tailoring their content. Bing limits removal of search results to a narrow set of circumstances and conditions to avoid restricting Bing users’ access to relevant information.

Below we describe ways that Bing does this and when. When search results are removed, Bing endeavors to be transparent about removal. This includes providing users with notice of removal of search results at the bottom of the page. In addition, we publish information about search results removed by Bing as part of the Microsoft Content Removal Requests Report.
Legal requests from governments, individuals, or otherwise

Certain countries maintain laws or regulations that apply to search service providers and require removal of access to certain indexed pages. Some of these laws allow specific individuals or entities to demand removal of results (such as for copyright infringement, libel, defamation, personally identifiable information, hate speech, or other personal rights), while others are administered and enforced by the government.

When Microsoft receives a request or demand, Bing balances its support for freedom of expression and for free access to relevant content with compliance with local law. We review and assess the request or demand, including the reason and basis for the request or demand, the authority or rights of the requesting party, our applicable policies and our commitments to our users with regard to freedom of expression, and determine whether and to what extent we should remove access to the content.
Examples of legal request areas with global approaches

Child sexual abuse materials

The production and distribution of, and access to, child sexual abuse materials is universally condemned and generally illegal. Sadly, the abuse of children is not new, but the web affords new opportunities to those who would commit crimes against children. Bing works with others in technology and industry groups, law enforcement, and governmental and non-governmental organizations to help stop the spread of this horrific content online. One way we do this is by removing pages that have been reviewed by credible agencies (or identified via Microsoft PhotoDNA) and found to contain or relate to the sexual exploitation or abuse of children. Bing also uses PhotoDNA to scan images uploaded by users in the visual search feature for potential exploitations and abuse imagerys. User activity in Bing is governed by the Microsoft Services Agreement.

In particular, we remove pages from our index that have been identified by the Internet Watch Foundation (UK), NCMEC (US), and FSM (Germany) as, in their good faith judgment, hosting or providers of access to child sexual abuse material. Removing these links from displayed search results doesn’t block the materials from being accessed on the web or discovered through means other than Bing, but it does reduce the ability of those who would seek it out or profit from it.

Copyright infringement

Bing encourages respect for intellectual property, including copyrights, while also recognizing the rights of users to engage in uses that may be permissible under applicable copyright laws. Bing may remove from its search results links to webpages containing material infringing the rights of the owner of copyrighted content, provided we receive a legally sufficient notice of copyright infringement from the copyright owner or its authorized agent.

If you are a rights holder and have an intellectual property concern about a website’s content that is linked to by Bing, or a Bing ad, please see our Report Infringement page.
Quality, safety, and user demand

In certain circumstances relating to quality, safety, and what our users want, Bing may decide to remove certain results, or we may warn or educate users or provide options for tailoring results.
Examples of quality, safety, and user demand

Spam

Some pages captured in the Bing index turn out to be pages of little or no value to users and may also have characteristics that artificially manipulate the way search and advertising systems work in order to distort their relevance relative to pages that offer more relevant information. Some of these pages include only advertisements and/or links to other websites that contain mostly ads, and no, or only superficial, content relevant to the subject of the search. To improve the search experience for users and deliver more relevant content, Bing might remove such search results, or adjust Bing algorithms to prioritize more useful and relevant pages in search results.

Sensitive personal information, including nonconsensual distribution of intimate images

From time to time, webpages that are publicly available will intentionally or inadvertently contain sensitive personal information posted without the consent of the individual identified or in circumstances that create security or privacy risks. Examples include inadvertent posting of private records, private phone numbers, identification numbers and the like, or intentionally and maliciously posting email passwords, login credentials, credit card numbers, or other data intended to be used for fraud or hacking. Upon verification, Bing will remove such search results.

Another example is when someone shares adult images of another person online without that person’s consent. Culturally, this is a gross invasion of one’s privacy and is commonly referred to as nonconsensual intimate imagery or "revenge porn." To help victims get back control of their images and their privacy, upon review, Bing may remove links to revenge porn photos and videos from search results. To report unauthorized online photos and videos, victims should complete a form on our reporting web page.

As noted in the form, information will remain available on the web even if Bing has removed a relevant search result. The website owner is in the best position to address privacy concerns about the information it publishes. Victims will need to contact these website owners in order to remove content from the web.

Adult content

Bing offers SafeSearch settings, which allow most users to set the type of filtering of adult content that they would like applied to their search results. Bing wants to avoid delivering content that can be offensive or harmful when it wasn’t requested. By default, in most countries or regions, SafeSearch is set to Moderate, which restricts visually explicit search results but doesn't restrict explicit text.

Different countries or regions may have different local customs, religious or cultural norms, or local laws regarding the display of adult content (or search results accessing adult content). This may affect default SafeSearch settings for Bing in some countries. We endeavor to reevaluate these settings as the relevant local laws, customs, and norms evolve.

Illegal pharmaceuticals

In furtherance of Bing’s commitment to provide users with trustworthy results, Bing has taken steps to minimize the likelihood that users are harmed through pharmaceutical sales online. In the US, Bing blocks rogue online pharmacies listed on the FDA's Internet Pharmacy Warning Letters site. The FDA, as the predominate federal regulatory body for the pharmaceutical industry in the US, curates this public list of online pharmacies engaged in illegal and unsafe practices. The FDA has more information at BeSafeRx: Know Your Online Pharmacy. In addition, Bing provides warnings for other potentially dangerous online pharmacies identified by industry groups, such as the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy's Not Recommended list. Bing also has a public service announcement to help make sure our users know that even if there is no warning associated with an online pharmacy site in our search results, that they should not assume the online pharmacy is safe, and provides the user with resources to make more informed decisions.

Public service announcements and warnings 

When Microsoft Bing determines there is a significant risk of harm to users related to the content appearing in search results for certain queries, Microsoft Bing may display public service announcements (PSA) to help users make informed decisions. For example, Bing provides links to suicide prevention resources when a user’s query expresses a possible suicide intent. Microsoft Bing also provides warning notices on certain URLs appearing in search results where it has reliable information that the link contains possibly harmful or illegal content. Such notices appear on links to sites Microsoft Bing has determined to contain harmful malware that could damage a user’s computer. Microsoft Bing also provides a warning to users in the United States on any link identified by the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy® (NABP®) as a “Not Recommended Site.”  


Autosuggest and related suggestions

Autosuggest and related suggestions (“AS/RS”) are query suggestions provided by Bing, either based on the initial characters you type in the search box or on the last query run. AS/RS suggestions are generated algorithmically and based on the popularity of other related searches on Bing. Suggestions may also consider relevance signals, including search history, trends, location, language, etc. Bing’s AS/RS also uses natural language generation technology trained on query sets.

Bing seeks to prevent inappropriate, offensive, or harmful predictions from appearing in AS/RS, using a combination of proactive and reactive algorithmic and manual interventions. Bing’s core principle is to avoid leading users to potentially harmful or offensive content—removing AS/RS that could introduce users to harmful content they were not expressly seeking helps to ensure Bing upholds its principles.   

Bing conversational search and Image Creator  Bing conversational search builds on the existing Bing experience to provide users with a new type of search interface. Content that appears in conversational search and similar features is subject to the same principles as described elsewhere in this document. Where applicable, Bing may remove content in conversational search that is in violation of applicable laws or Microsoft policies. Conversational search, as well as Bing Image Creator, are subject to the Content Policy applicable to Bing users. In certain cases, Bing may restrict access to users who seriously or repeatedly violate the Content Policy. Users can report problematic content appearing in conversational search and Image Creator by sending feedback or reporting a concern.
