What are the criteria to be listed on Tripadvisor?
In order to be listed on Tripadvisor, accommodations must meet all of the following criteria:
1. Must be open to the general public
2. Must have an official name
3. Must have an official address at a single and permanent location
4. Must be open for a minimum of 12 consecutive weeks of the year at a single and permanent location
5. Must have multiple rooms/units
6. Must be able to accommodate more than one guest/group of guests at a time
7. Must not require guests to stay more than 7 nights
8. Must be currently open or taking reservations for a future opening date

To be listed in the hotel category, an accommodation must also meet all of the following criteria or have an official business license issued by a local governmental or tourism authority that identifies the accommodation is classified as Hotel as defined by local authorities:
1. A front desk is open and staffed 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
2. Check-in hours can have a start time, but should not have a designated end time
3. Daily housekeeping is included in the room rate
4. Private bathroom for each unit
5. Must not require guests to stay more than 3 nights

In select countries, some specially-designated accommodations are displayed with Hotels. These accommodations are editorially selected and not available by request. Currently, these include Onsen Hotel, Onsen Ryokan, and Ryokan, all in Japan.

To be listed in the B&B and Inns category, an accommodation must also meet all of the following criteria or have an official business license issued by a local governmental or tourism authority that identifies the accommodation is classified as B&B, Inn, Guest House, or Pension as defined by local authorities:
1. Daily on-site management
2. Daily housekeeping is included in the room rate
3. Must not require guests to stay more than 3 nights

We may, on a case-by-case basis, allow B&Bs with only one room. To qualify, the accommodation must be locally licensed to operate as a B&B, and it must be listed with local tourism authorities.

To be listed in the Specialty Lodging category, an accommodation must meet our accommodation listing guidelines. Any accommodation that offers shared (dorm-style) rooms will be considered a hostel and will be listed in Specialty Lodging.

For more information, see Accommodation Listing Guidelines.

In order to be listed on Tripadvisor, restaurants must meet all of the following criteria:
1. Must serve prepared food
2. Must be open to the public; cannot require membership
3. Must be open on a regularly scheduled basis
4. Must be open for at least 12 consecutive weeks of the year
5. Must maintain a permanent location in one city/town but can deliver to multiple cities/towns
6. Must be stationary and have a permanent address (Food trucks may be listed as long as their schedule and locations are posted online. Requests must include a valid website for confirmation.)

For more information, see Restaurant Listing Guidelines.

In order to be listed on Tripadvisor, airlines must meet the following criteria:
1. Operate a scheduled service under their own brand
2. Publish fares or schedules to the public
3. Operate a service that transports a passenger from one point to another
4. Has been in commercial operation for a minimum of 60 days

For more information, see Airline Listing Guidelines.

In order to be listed on Tripadvisor, Things to Do must meet the following criteria.

Permanent attractions:
1. Must be of interest to tourists
2. Must be family-friendly
3. Must abide by our Animal Welfare Policy
4. Must have an official name and a permanent address
5. Must be open and available to the general public on a regularly scheduled basis
6. Must be open for at least 12 consecutive weeks of the year (Exception: Performances must operate at one venue for at least 24 consecutive weeks of the year)
7. Must be currently open or taking reservations for a future opening date

Tours, cruises, and classes:
1. Must be of interest to tourists
2. Must be family-friendly
3. Must abide by our Animal Welfare Policy
4. Must have an official name and published phone number or email
5. Must be a tour company, not an individual tour
6. Must operate for at least 12 consecutive weeks of the year
7. Must have an official website that offers a sample itinerary, which includes: duration of tour, description of what is included in the tour, and name of the city where the tour departs

For more information, see Things To Do Listing Guidelines.

For vacation rentals properties to be listed on Tripadvisor, there are no specific listing criteria.

Hotels, restaurants and airlines are listed free of charge and once listed on the website, businesses are not delisted so long as they remain open. Our policy regarding establishments closing or changing address can be found here. 

Landmarks, places of interest and tour operators are listed free of charge, irrespective of commercial relationships. Tours and activities will be bookable on Tripadvisor only if the suppliers of such tours and activities contract with one of Tripadvisor’s affiliate companies to have their products available for bookings or reservations through the Tripadvisor site, or otherwise if the listing is displayed as part of a commercial licensing arrangement with a third party business.

Vacation rental properties are listed only if the owner/manager contracts with one of Tripadvisor’s affiliate companies as an advertiser, or otherwise if the listing is displayed as a part of a commercial licensing arrangement with a third party business.

The results displayed are not necessarily exhaustive of all offers that may be available, whether on the Internet or otherwise.

What are our policy and criteria for ranking?
Hotels and restaurants are currently ranked in the following ways:
1. “Traveler Ranking” or “Highest Rating”: ranks the top rated hotels or restaurants, as the case may be, based on user input on Tripadvisor. Results are ranked on the basis of the 'Popularity Index' , which is based on the quality, recency and quantity of reviews an establishment receives from users. When restaurants are filtered by sub-category (for instance : type of cuisine, dinner, local cuisine, etc), then within this sub-category they are ranked according to the 'Popularity Index'. This is the same for the subcategory of bookable table and/or for which a special offer is applied.
2. “Best Value” is the default sort order for hotels and ranks these establishments using exclusive Tripadvisor data, including confirmed availability from our partners, booking popularity as reported to us by our partners, traveler ratings, prices, location and personal user preferences.
3. “Price (low to high)”: ranks the establishments according to the lowest prices offered through our partners for your selected dates at the time of your search.
4. “Distance to city centre”: ranks first the establishments closest to the applicable city centre with confirmed availability for your dates from our partners.
5. “Featured”: ranks accommodations taking into account the compensation paid to us by those accommodations and/or booking sites. It also incorporates exclusive Tripadvisor data, including traveler ratings, confirmed availability from our partners, prices, booking popularity, location and personal user preferences. 

Pages featuring Hotels may also feature horizontal selections of other points of interest, suppliers or their products. A range of different factors inform these selections, and the title is usually indicative of this. Revenue paid to companies in the Tripadvisor group can also be a factor. The ingredients that feed these selections are summarised below. Those selections that are influenced by revenue are highlighted.
1. “Popular Nearby”: Proximity to the hotel featured at the top of the page, availability with our partners, user reviews
2. “Similar Sponsored Properties”: Payments to Tripadvisor from the properties listed, along with user review scores, location, availability, price data, booking popularity with our partners
3. “Most booked properties”: User review scores, location, availability, price data, booking popularity with our partners
4. “Compare more popular hotels”: Location, availability, price data, booking popularity with our partners and reviews
5. “Nearby”: Location, availability, price data, booking popularity with our partners and reviews
6. “Vacation Rentals”: Vacation rental properties advertised on the Tripadvisor website ranked by review data, price and availability for the user’s selected dates.

Things to Do are currently ranked in the following ways:
1. “Traveller Favourites”: Tours, activities and experiences bookable on Tripadvisor, ranked according to revenue made by Tripadvisor on those bookings, plus the number of page views by Tripadvisor users, and the quantity and quality of reviews.
2. “Traveller Ranking”: ranks places of interest and/or tour operators on Tripadvisor, based on traveller reviews in accordance with the Popularity Index, using the same method as stated above.
3. “Book Online”: ranks places of interest and/or tour operators on Tripadvisor, promoting those where there is at least one tour or activity available to book on Tripadvisor. 
4. “Price”: ranks tours, activities and experiences bookable on Tripadvisor, based on the prices offered by our partners.
5. “Duration”: ranks tours, activities and experiences bookable on Tripadvisor, based on their duration.

Pages featuring Things to Do may also feature horizontal selections of other points of interest, suppliers or their products. A range of different factors inform these selections, and the title is usually indicative of this. Revenue to companies in the Tripadvisor group can also be a factor. The ingredients that feed these selections are summarised below. Those selections that are influenced by revenue are highlighted.
1. “Top attractions”: Attractions ranking influenced by revenue, ratings, review count. Products selected for each Attraction are influenced by product bookings, reviews and ratings and evaluated by the Tripadvisor team
2. “Browse by category” / “Popular things to do”: Bookings, page views, ratings, clicks
3. “Ways to tour”: Bookings, ratings, review count, category, linked POIs
4. “Recommended for you”: User browsing history (previously viewed products and points of interest)
5. “Category-based selections ”: Same as Traveller Favourites sort, described above
6. “Experiences you don’t want to miss”: Traveller Favourites sort, but filtered further using availability and pricing data
7. “Recommended experiences”: Availability, bookings, page views
8. “Similar experiences”: Bookings, ratings, review count, category, linked POIs
9. “Recommended”: Revenue, bookings, pageviews, POI name, Product name, review counts, ratings, Product/POI mappings
10. “Top ways to experience”: Ratings, review count, bookings, geographic distance, Revenue, relevant point of interest data, title, description
11. “Ways to experience”: Revenue, ratings, review count
12. “Shop tickets and tours”: Bookings, page views, ratings, clicks
13. “Buy it with”: Bookings, category, geo location, price, review count, ratings, duration, POI mappings
14. “Similar experiences”: Availability, bookings, page views
15. “You may also like”: Bookings, ratings, review count, category, linked points of interest
16. “Travelers also viewed”: Page views
17. “Buy it with”: Bookings, category, location, price, review count, ratings, duration, point of interest data
18. “Recently viewed”: User behavior (recent views)
19. “Top attractions in [location]”: Revenue, ratings, review count
20. “Buy it with”: Bookings, category, location, price, review count, ratings, duration, relevant points of interest
21. “Attraction tickets”: Revenue, ratings, review count, location
22. “Half day tours”: Revenue, ratings, review count, location
23. “Shop tickets and tours”: Bookings, page views, ratings, clicks, location
24. “City tours”: Revenue, ratings, numbers of reviews, location
25. “Cultural tours”: Revenue, ratings, numbers of reviews, location
26. “[Location] is great for” cluster shelves: Attraction bookings, page views, reviews, place of interest data, user's answers to tagging questions
27. “Essential [Location]” - Do: Hand curated by Tripadvisor staff
28. “Essential [Location]” - Stay: Hand curated by Tripadvisor staff
29. “Essential [Location]” - Eat: Hand curated by Tripadvisor staff
30. “Recommended [Attraction Type] Experiences”: Traveller Favourites sort (see above) and further curation by Tripadvisor staff
31. Operators whose products or experiences appear as sponsored may pay Tripadvisor or Viator more for the placement

Vacation rental properties are currently ranked in the following ways:
1. “Tripadvisor Sort” is the default sort order, and ranks vacation rental property listings based on (in order of importance from least to most) the property’s overall traveler rating, number of times the listing has been viewed, and the revenue made by Tripadvisor companies from bookings made through our sites. For all other sort orders with the exception of Traveler Rating, the Tripadvisor Sort also works as a “tie-breaker” to determine ordering where there are two or more properties with the same attributes.
2. “Price (Low to high/ High to low)”: ranks properties based on priceon the dates searched.
3. “Bedrooms (Most to least/ Least to most)”: ranks properties based on the number of bedrooms, in the order selected.
4. “# of reviews”: ranks properties based on the number of reviews of the property.

Flights are currently ranked in the following ways:
1. “Price”: ranks the results according to the prices currently offered by our partners.
2. “Duration”: ranks based on total estimated flight time from departure to arrival.
3. “Best Value”: ranks the best combination of price, flight duration, and sometimes factors such as additional fees.
4. “Earliest/Latest Outbound/Return Arrival/Departure”: these options list by various aspects of available flight times.

Search: Tripadvisor’s internal search function presents results relevant to your text query. To give you the most useful information, search algorithms look at many factors and signals, including the words of your query, reviews, bubble rating, number of page views, and your location. Different result types can have different factors relevant to them, but the text query is applied to rank all the results on the search page. Apart from the query, the following factors are used to order the search results, depending on the type of Tripadvisor content discovered by the search:
1. Followers/followees count, verified member flag - for Member Profiles.
2. Reviews, bubble rating, number of page views, distance from you, open/closed state - for Hotels, Restaurants, Things to Do, Vacation Rental properties.
3. Number of page views - for Geographic Locations.
4. Date (freshness of the content) - for Forum Posts.

Tripadvisor does not own any of the businesses listed on its site.

See here the list of websites managed and operated by Tripadvisor and/or its affiliate companies.

Except where described above, travel and hospitality businesses are listed on Tripadvisor for free.

Where price offers are provided for hotels, the ranking of price offers may depend in part on the price paid by affiliates who participate in our "cost-per-click" auction system.

Suppliers of tours, activities and experiences can be listed on Tripadvisor for free. If they wish to make a tour, activity or experience bookable through Tripadvisor or its affiliate companies, they must enter into an agreement with one of Tripadvisor’s affiliate companies, pursuant to which the suppliers are paid for bookings made through our platforms.

Some vacation rental property owners/managers advertise through Tripadvisor’s affiliate companies on a fixed cost subscription basis, and others pay for leads generated through their Tripadvisor listings. Some listings may appear on Tripadvisor as a result of licensing agreements with third party businesses who may charge us a fee for referring interested users to their websites to make bookings. The majority of advertisers, however, list their properties for free, and pay a commission when bookings are facilitated by the online platforms offered by the vacation rentals companies in our corporate group.

Airlines are listed on Tripadvisor for free. Tripadvisor does not accept any compensation that could influence the rankings of flight for a given user search, as described above.

Partners can enter into a number of different kinds of direct commercial relationship with Tripadvisor if they wish, especially in order to be bookable online. Commercial relationships that partners may have with Tripadvisor may influence certain ranking methods as described above. However, they have no influence on Tripadvisor’s 'Popularity Index'.

Although Sponsored Placements may appear in and around a list of results, partners cannot buy their way to a particular place in any of the ranking methods described above. The advertising nature of these placements referenced for a fee is indicated by the label "Ad" or “Sponsored”.

Hotels

Tripadvisor gives you the ability to search for and compare hotels, as well as availability and pricing offered by professional third-party providers.

The results displayed are not exhaustive of all the offers available on the Internet. Tripadvisor LLC displays results from data provided by its partners and is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of the information provided by these third-party providers and that it displays on its sites or applications, or content on other websites. The ranking of price offers for a particular property will depend in part on the price paid by our advertising partners participating in our "cost-per-click" auction system.

If you make a reservation with a third-party provider, you will need to read and comply with the terms and conditions of purchase and use of the provider's site, their Privacy Policy and any other rules or policies, including the policy relating to the site or the goods of the supplier. You are responsible for your interactions with third-party providers.

The price results that consumers see on Tripadvisor are provided by our business partners, such as online travel agencies, hotel chains and independent hoteliers. When a user enters their dates into our search function for that particular home (assuming that this business works with us or one of our business partners), our systems make an electronic "call" on the programming interface of application (API) provided by this trading partner. The partner then automatically gives us the relevant price information in real time, if there is availability.

For more information, please see our Terms and Conditions.

Flights

For flights, the total prices include taxes and fees for one traveler as provided by our partners. For every travel flight listed, Tripadvisor does not guarantee any specific prices or rates. We recommend checking on the booking site for the exact amount requested as well as the currency. Consult our partners to find out more about the elements of the price included baggage fees, fare attributes and optional fees as well.

The price results that consumers see on Tripadvisor are provided by our business partners in real time for each search done by a user.

For more information, please see our Terms and Conditions.

Vacation Rentals and Things to Do

For vacation rentals and attractions booked on our site, the price payable is the total price, inclusive of taxes and fees. Prices are provided in real time for each search conducted by a user.

For vacation rentals, our vacation rental-related affiliate companies offer a payment protection policy, giving guests extra peace of mind when booking a rental through them. It means that, subject to the terms of the policy, a guest will be offered a refund for their stay if they are  denied access to the property, or if the property is misrepresented (differing substantially to what was advertised), or as otherwise covered under the terms of the policy.

For more information, please see our vacation rental-related affiliate companies’ Terms and Conditions.

None of the Tripadvisor companies offers any commercial guarantees. If you book a hotel, restaurant or flight, you should consult our partners to find out more about any commercial guarantees and dispute resolution methods they may offer. If you book a vacation rental property or a tour, activity or experience, the applicable Tripadvisor company that facilitated your booking will provide you with customer service in the event of a dispute, and will work with the owner of the property or supplier of the tour, activity or experience to help the parties try to reach a resolution.

For more information, please see our Terms and Conditions.

Before being posted to our site, each review goes through our automated tracking system, which collects for each a certain amount of information answering the following questions: how, what, where and when. If the system detects an element in clear contradiction to our Content & Community Guidelines, the review will not be posted to the site. The user may be informed as well as the reason for this and may be offered the opportunity to write another review in accordance with our Guidelines, depending on eligibility.

When the system detects a potential problem with a review, it is marked for review and is then manually reviewed by our team of content specialists, who work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to maintain the quality of reviews on our site. Please note that in some cases, we will also send you an e-mail asking you to validate your opinion before it is posted. You just have to click on the link provided in the e-mail. In certain circumstances (for example, if an owner/manager disputes a review), we might ask the reviewer of a vacation rental property to provide us with proof of their stay, to ensure that the review is attached to the correct property listing.

Our team checks every review that is reported to us by our community (both businesses and users) as potentially not meeting our Guidelines.

For more information on our anti-fraud policy please refer to our Trust & Safety information center.

We want to ensure that Tripadvisor remains a reliable and secure source for our global community. For this purpose, and to ensure that your review is posted as quickly as possible, make sure that it meets our Content & Community Guidelines.

For reviews of vacation rental properties, there are additional criteria listed here. In summary, vacation rental reviews must also be: based on short-term stays, written after check-in, verifiable by the name on the rental contract, and written in relation to stays that can be evidenced by the reviewer.

Any review that does not meet these publication criteria will not be published.

If you have a question about a review that has not been published, you can contact us directly by clicking on the link here.

When will my review appear on the site?
It usually takes less than 24 hours to see reviews on our site. The process can be longer if the review needs to be examined in more detail by our team of moderators. It may also take longer if you review a vacation rental property that you booked through Tripadvisor or one of our affiliate company’s online platforms. See here for more info.

After submitting, the title of your review appears in your profile, on the Review page.

If we are unable to host your review, you may be notified of the refusal and the reason for this. Please note that in some cases, we will also send you an e-mail asking you to validate your review before it can appear. You just have to click on the link provided in the e-mail.
11. How long will my review appear?

Once posted, your review will appear indefinitely on our site. Your review will only be removed if: you remove it; our team of moderators has determined that this review did not meet our Guidelines; an establishment is removed from our site, in which case all reviews are removed.

Can I be rewarded for a review?
No. Reviews written in exchange for personal benefits, such as gifts, services or money, will be removed.

Establishments are free to encourage their clients to post their reviews when they return home. However, no representative of the establishment can offer premium, discount, upgrade or special treatment for current or future stays in exchange for advice. If someone has offered you a reward for a review, please let us know by emailing us and including any available evidence (screenshots, photos, etc) at contentintegrity@tripadvisor.com

Is it possible to modify a review?
Once submitted, your review can not be edited. You can remove your review and resubmit as long as it complies with our posting guidelines.

Will my review appear on other websites or publications?
After publication, all or part of the reviews written by our members may be used on some of our partner sites or in promotional materials generally.

For more information, read our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.

If I write a review about an establishment, can I be contacted about it?
Sharing a contributor's e-mail address to an owner, manager, or other person is against our privacy policy. Contributors remain anonymous unless they choose to publish their email address or contact information in a contribution, such as a review or message in a forum.

However, property owners or managers may contact you through Tripadvisor's private messaging system, which allows Tripadvisor members to be in contact without providing an email address. Owners can use the messaging system to thank contributors, ask for other comments, legitimately attempt to resolve customer service issues, or (in the case of vacation rental property owners or managers) discuss a booking with a user, but they are not allowed to ask contributors to retract a review via the mailing system. It is also strictly forbidden to harass contributors.

For more information, see our rules for using private messaging.